SHORTCUTS:
	CTRL + I				Import Media
	-->						Next Frame (Right Arrow)
	<--						Previous Frame (Left Arrow)
	Q						Remove everything to the left of the cursor and shift left.
	W						Remove everything to the right of the cursor and shift right.
	I						In point (Source Window) - Beginning of a clip
	O						Out point (Source Window) - End of a clip
	DOWN ARROW				End of a clip
	UP ARROW				Beginning of a clip
	COMMA,					Insert source clip at the end of a clip in the timeline.
	PERIOD.					Overwrite clip in the timeline from source clip.
	\						Zoom to fit your sequence in the timeline.
	Ctrl + Shift + Space 	Play selection
	T						Text tool (Type)
	P						Pen Tool (Including other shapes / paths) like 
							rectangle etc.
	Shift + D				Apply default transition to selected clips.
	Ctrl + M				Export Media - Render
	Shift + F8				Media Browser
	ACCENT`					Maximize an open panel.
	
Tips:
	Mute audio while scrubbing:
		Edit Menu --> Preferences --> Audio --> Play Audio while scrubbing
		
	Double-click a clip to preview it and edit in source window.
	
	Enable snap in the timeline window
	
	Apply default transition at the beginning of a sequence. Nice effect.
	
	
	
	
2. Your First Project Easy Video Editing in Premiere Pro CC
	Drag & Drop media from project imports into the timeline.
	
	Extend a clip to show hidden shots due to cutting.
	Go to the end of the clip.
		When the <--] appears, click and drag to extend.
		
	CTRL + Click a clip and drag to replace another clip (without overwriting the other) ... One gets the place of the other .. both stay in the sequence.
	
	Audio Track Mixer (Check from Widow menu)
	
	Scale Image to frame size.
		Make an imported image in video the same size as the video.
			Right Click the image in the timeline; choose scale to frame size.
			
	Text Tool:
		Shortcut:	T
		Effects Control:
			Shift + F5
			or go the window menu.
			
	TRANSITIONS
		Apply transitions between clips (cuts)
			Hover over between the clips you want to transition.
				When the mouse cursor becomes <--]
					Choose: Apply default transitions.
			You can select two adjacent clips and press Shif + D to apply default transition.
				If you want to apply transition to video only without audio:
					press Ctrl + D
		
		You can resize transition; make it faster or slower!
		
		Set default transition:
			Press Shift + F7 or go to the effect panel:
				Video Transition
					Right Click
		
		SLICE Transitions
			for simple animation of some objects like lower-third.
			
	Export Media:
		Ctrl + M 
		File --> Export --> Media
		
			The best format is H264
			Preset: YouTube 720
			Output Name 
			Export
			
	Restore Broken Link (Locate offline files)
		Renamed folders are considered broken links.
		

3. Downloading Your Complete Media for Your Project
4. Previewing, Importing and Organizing your Media
	Media Browser:
		In large projects it is inadvisable to import large folders.
			Use Media Browser instead.
				Shift + F8
				
	Organizing Media
		Color code bins, stills, videos and audios.
		Set Poster Frame [Choose a thumbnail of a clip in Media Browser]
		Hover Scrub
		Create Bins in Media Browser
		Searching within the Media Browser
		Moving bins in Media Browser is NOT moving them in windows... it's only moving them for the projects.
		
				
5. Adding, Inserting and Arranging Clips in a Sequence Tools & Techniques
6. Editing Techniques & Editing Tools
7. Manipulating Clip Speed
8. Essential Audio Editing
9. The Graphics Workspace Text, Shapes, Lower Thirds and More
10. Adding , Editing and Creating Transition - Video, Audio and Stills
11. The Color Correction Process and Workflow
12. Color Grading
13. Essential Motion Effects
14. Post-Production Training - Start Creating Your Demo-Reel Now
15. Chromakeying in Premiere Pro CC
16. Conclusion - Your next Specialized Video Editing Techniques
17. Bonus Section Expand your Video Editing Skills



Glossary:
	Sequence
	Hover Scrub
	B-Rolls